DataGrid: update Map Data Source Fields (#7060)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/DataGrid/99 How To/Customize Header Filter Data Source/20 Map Data Source Fields.md

> Header filter data objects should have the `text` and `value` fields. If data objects fetched from a server lack these fields, map the original data source to the `text` + `value` structure. The mapped data source should also include key fields from the original data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Header filter data objects should have the `text` and `value` fields. If these fields are missing from data objects fetched from a server, map the original data source to the `text` + `value` structure. The mapped data source should also include key fields from the original data source.
```
